[Example] 3D-Unet (#883)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/AMDMIGraphX: examples/python_3dunet/README.md

# 3D-Unet Inference with AMD MIGraphX

> This example provides how to apply image segmentation to 3D images using AMD MIGraphX on a given AMD GPU. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example applies image segmentation to 3D images using AMD MIGraphX on a given AMD GPU. 
```

## How to:

> 1) User will need to have access to BRATS dataset. 

Reviewer 2: It would be helpful to give more detailed instructions for how to access the dataset.

Author: added the link for getting access

> 1) User will need to have access to BRATS dataset. Please follow https://www.med.upenn.edu/cbica/brats2019/data.html for how to get the access to dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) User will need to have access to the BRATS dataset. Please follow https://www.med.upenn.edu/cbica/brats2019/data.html for how to get access to the dataset.
```
